# build b0eb89bc9: the Calls place, its questions and its first two themes (Deletion, retention and privacy, and Safety to come)
calls: X2=recommended; X3=recommended; X5=recommended; X6=recommended; X1=recommended "I like this way more than triggering a disposable's develop the day after event creation. I'd expect many hosts to create this days or weeks in advance of the actual event, so we're asking for tons of pre-developed disposable experiences triggering the next day by default. Curious if you can think of any other smarter ways, like media uploads, to also avoid triggering this early, but not leaving guests hanging on the develop time either for hosts who forget to set."; X9=recommended "This is a good idea because it also opens up something like a couple sharing a wedding event rather than both having to log in under one account."; X10=own "I'd be curious to see an exploration of this in the lab, but think I'm still in favor of a one-gallery shape with deeper optional fileters/sort/view/etc controls. My main pushback against these is that our albums are built to be used dynamically across nearly any sort of event type or duration. Us attempting to organize by our own opinionated dividers feels like it could get in the way more than help. Could include smart views in our gallery controls, but a divided default feels forced."; X11=recommended "This is a more broad answer than exactly what you've described, but my preferred direction is that we ease up on your \"guests never heard from us\" language so that we can follow up with guests to view the album. Host emails in general still need to be reshaped from the ground up. They have not had much dedicated focus yet. More appended as needed as we build features or think of needs. Open, unprotected territory there. Same with guest emails - this selection is a more high-level answer that we may lightly reach out to guests, but not strictly defining what we're sending yet. That deserves its own thinking too."; X12=recommended "I'd love to add a guestbook, as it's a core feature for many competitors, but curious to see how you integrate this into the app with the lab exploration. Should not feel forced; very natural, and likely a more underlying feature."; X13=alt1 "Let's go with English for now, so we aren't trying to iterate and build across languages. Post-launch, once we have a very final product with less constantly changing copy, I may consider it, but this can be removed from the roadmap for now. Don't really have to tell users English-only explicitly, just have everything in English. Pretty intuitive. Weird to say \"We're English only.\""; X14=alt1 "I'd be curious to begin exploring this in the lab so that we can launch with as much of its foundation built as possible if we decide to approve it. My core idea was that we create a 'Partners' program, where approved partners effectively get a code, which is also internally stored to their hosted events. They may either share this code directly for new users to use at signup, or any guest of their hosted events that create an account from that event inherits that code to their account and future events as well. This code would then trickle down from new accounts created from their events, like a tree, indefinitely. The idea is that the partner remains at the top of this tree chart, and receive a fixed percentage of profit from any future users who inherit their code and upgrade to pro, for as long as that user remains on pro. Cannot be added later, except via admin, to prevent abuse (\"everyone add my code to your account!\"). This would be the foundation of the idea to encourage the Partner's use of Partyreel - the more people they tell about it, and the more events they host, the more surface area they open up to recurring side income while already doing what they do. A massive side benefit is that approved partners could get a free pro account, and would likely inherently use the app to get pictures for the events they're already involved in for free (and free exposure for us), without even having to augment their workflow or actively push Partyreel the way a traditional ambassador would. There's no \"use my code for 15% off\" spam marketing, they'd just continue hosting/planning/whatever with events as they usually do, but use Partyreel to gather the media the same way any other host would, thereby allowing Partyreel to sell itself while actively drawing a direct benefit (the media) and potential revenue along the way. Excited to hear what you think, and also want to know what additional or different ideas he may have."; X15=recommended "Let's not right now. Don't think we're initially angling for events so big that guests need to identify themselves out of tens of thousands of photos. Maybe a longer-term feature, but should not be included on the roadmap. As a side note, we should avoid using legal language that boxes us in or traps us out of future features. I'm no legal expert, but don't want to sell initial users on a certain set of legal policies, then decide to build new features later that break those. While our legal policy should be clean, we should not make wild promises we cannot break."; X16=recommended "In the meantime, we should likely put a bit more focus into the QR design experience. The first layer should feel light and easy, where, with a few presets, it's easy to get everything needed to get the QR around events. However, we should not expect our defaults to serve everyone perfectly and could create a second layer designer to customize the QR artifacts to their liking more thoroughly. No part of this experience should feel complicated. Hate how is this handled on a totally separate page right now, should feel inclusive to the event experience. Maybe even an optional near-final step in the create wizard, so they know that's an option and don't have to find it within the event page? Would hate for a new host to export the QR image, spend a lot of time designing the artifacts to present it at their event, then find out later we have a way to easily do that in the app."; X17=recommended; L2=keep; R1=change "I think a lot of users would deeply appreciate a small overage forgiveness. This is cheap for us, but a big win on user experience when they know we could have just deleted it instead. Should not openly advertise this to prevent abuse, more for users who check in a few days late and think \"thank god they didn't delete that, that's awesome\"."; AH1=keep; K5=change "6 months feels like too short a span to automatically delete. I think we should go more gracious with something closer to a 2-year idle policy. Legal terms should not bind us to this, to ensure we're able to switch that if problems arise after launch. For now though, let's provide a good free event experience and hope we get enough paid users to justify never deleting free events at all. We recently reduced the free plan storage cap, which should help a lot here."; G3=change "We should also provide a way to dismiss it, and it only pops up again on the next session (if at all per event, want to hear your thoughts). That way, power user hosts who know how to set it up don't always have to stare at a pending checklist if they feel confident in their settings."; AY1=keep; AB5=change "My overall choice is keep, just wanted to say that if there's an even better version of this that helps us while providing a clean live experience, I'd love to hear it as well. Great thinking with the progressive deceleration."; CC4=keep
