# build bbfcc54
review brand r2: take=aperture
review event-header r6: card=shoulder; attention=tally
review host-moments r1: password=both; tell=line; fresh-roll=panel; decline=block; let-back=straight "The UI design of how we present this (and guest card items in general) could definitely be polished."; banner=number; goal=line
review guest-moments r1: own=glow "I'm not sure we need to mark guest uploads to avoid crowding gallery view, and marking the first specifically makes it easy to get lost in the gallery when more uploads follow. If we can pop up a temporary toast, whether when their uploads begin landing or the last one completes (your call, and we're always open to even better ideas you may have0, that's likely enough for them to feel confident about the upload success and go find their media in the album if they'd like."; batch=settle; limit=three; where=reel "Both are probably the best option. That way, if they naturally go to remove an image from their uploads, it inherently frees up a slot for them as well."; opening=still
review account-moments r1: follow=? "I'm split here. I'd like to know what you think, and you're welcome to run another round of exploration if helpful. On the first or first few follow actions, the additional context may be helpful to understand what that entails. However, as follow becomes a common action for some users, it might get annoying to have that hint bubble up every time. Imagine following 1000+ users on Instagram and being told 1000 times what a follow does. You'd think \"alright, I get it\". Our solutions also need to be a bit more polished."; block=line; tidy=stays "How do we handle the rare case of unblocking somebody but then wanting to follow them? Can guest names be clicked here to open the mini card on screen for additional actions beyond the row action flip? That'd be my first guess as a user. Don't want to overcrowd the row actions."; me-page=private; invite=today "We can do much better than the design itself, but I think the more visible presentation wins here. The whole goal of this page is to be activated and become public, so it doesn't make a ton of sense to minimize the main flow that opens that up. Making it more minimal may lead users to think it's already active if they don't notice the set up blurb. This design should feel very beautiful and inviting, but not yelling or in your face. When we want attention, we allow that component to draw attention, but never yell at users or overcrowd UI (more global note)."
review create-wizard r4: styles=focused "I like the additional disposable settings getting their own focused view. I'm still split on the timeline on the actual mode selection screen (kind of hard mental model to keep 9 screens in your head to compare, and feels overwhelming seeing 3 things happen at once each step), and curious if we think of better ways to enhance this selection instead. Good exploration to run. Maybe one can play the live visual demo of the active selection, while the others stay still until selected to preview themselves? That should be far from the exhaustive list of explorations. You're far more creative than I am."; close=next "How we present this line can definitely be designed better. I do like the subtlety versus the steps, though. Rather than shouting about what's done and what's to come, we should simply continue naturally guiding them through. Anything required for an event to go live immediately should be cleanly handled in the event wizard with a focused view, with nothing being left to be handled in settings, only additional/optional configs or changing the selections made in the creation wizard. In my trial run, it felt weird to go through a create wizard, complete, then feel like you're only halfway done. Really reduces that reward moment at the end of the wizard, and forces me to continue handling the required setup in a far less beautiful and focused view, just clicking around the settings sheet hoping it's right. Nailing this seamless creation and entry would be a huge win. Really want hosts to feel excited that their event has been created, since that's the big payoff moment and there's a noticeable gap until the next payoff of guests uploading unless the host uploads earlier themselves."; wait=breath; failed=held "State progress, feedback, failure notice, and corrective actions should all be made clear here, so if something goes wrong, it doesn't feel frustrating or scary. Only easily correctable."
