# build b0eb89bc9
review brand-marks r1: wordmark=finished "Still open to other options, but this is my favorite right now. I like that it's a bit bold, so at any size, it still packs a bit of a punch without having to be a large size itself. For example, when you land on the home hero, the log isn't big so your eye draws to the H1/visual first, but at its smaller size in the nav it still carries its weight, rather than a thin/spaced logo that gets lost to the surrounding UI. I guess the core idea is that the wordmark should present as a singular group to present clearly, rather than feel spaced out and spread focus. Additional explorations should keep that philosophy in mind."; icon=ember "I'd be curious to explore additional designs on top of this, such as filling the ring with more design to feel more bespoke to our brand rather than identifying with a circle alone. However, we can carry this as the working version."; plate=room "I'm leaning towards this because the contrast feels a lot richer, almost vibrant, compared to the lighter-toned dark gray in option one, which feels a bit more muted. The deeper black also makes the color in the footer (top glow, media) pop much more."; status=amber "I think it helps to have green for clear success rather than letting success sneak by in a neutral color. The warning color also allows a bit of distinction between failure and warning states, so less intense states feel less intimidating. Open to your favorite version of this color palette for states. Also open to your new best ideas on how to apply them. Doesn't have to be strictly what you suggest in the option here. My selection was mostly based on including all three to allow for a clearer hierarchy of states rather than simply red or not red."
review signature r1: album=follow "Having both makes it feel more themed and infused with a visual identity, as opposed to a one-off instance to feel cool. That's the idea of infusing the new afterglow - getting away from what felt like one-off uses of aurora, more a real brand visual identity felt through the experience."; add=answer; door=seam "We need to be careful when using the light because it's easy to not round it with paired corners (like here with the top card corners), or other instances I've seen where it's meant to naturally leak from a source, but horizontal clipping cuts it off so the glow doesn't naturally extend and fade out, just cut off where it begins overflowing."; clip=seam; create=dark
review presence r1: colour=wheel "I think the current hashvatar result feels much more vibrant and alive. The mix across a guest list with no custom avatars looks beautiful. Even on an otherwise empty dashboard of ours, the color in the avatar brings a certain life to the page. Limiting to one palette like option 2, or the more muted tone of option 3, really drains a lot of life from the default avatars. Still open to new ideas beyond the current hashvatar, but not these directions here."; album=cover "This does a good job of making the event page feel more social, not just a cloud storage folder album. As an additional note, we could run an exploration on how we're displaying metadata/metrics in both host and guest event heads. I'm going to mix some of these up across host vs guest, but the general idea is that we have a guest & view count below the event title, the guest count again in the guests action card, the media count to the far right of the activity bar, the media count again at the top left of the gallery below, etc. Feels very scattered, not a clean presentation, repeated info, etc. Whole head can be redesigned to fit. Also hate how the nav cuts the hero image slideshow harshly, how the hero slideshow is the only full width component (alignment feels weird - may look way better in an enclosed featured card, stacked directly above the actions row or something - leaving creativity up to you), etc."; hover=comb; hub=line "This helps provide a more consistent interface and experience across host and guest dashboards, which should be the goal where possible. Should not feel like drastically different experiences, so users who function on both sides (as an event host, and as a guest to other events) has a more seamless experience switching across. Of course, each has its own features and enhancements."; atmosphere=? "I'd like to see another exploration of this. I like options 2 and 3 much more than option 1 right now, simply due to the fact that always applying the house ember will get very boring after a couple of events sharing the same visual look. Options 2 and 3 add a more experiential feel that varies across events. However, option 2's floating lamp in the mobile head feels a bit weird (draws the eye first as a useless artifact, before seeing any title/add/etc). Also, option 3's edge-to-edge visual looks amazing in the head (beautiful but allows the UI to take center stage, rather than fight for attention), but I think we should remove the desktop seam below because they're fighting each other. Think the seam in general is going to demand too much attention as is within the event page. Very curious what you come up with on your creative side, but none of these are winners as is."
review after-party r1: over=offer "I like presenting the option to close so we never accidentally close what should continue to be an open event. That's a far bigger problem."; recap=? "I think we can do a better job making this feel like a reward moment when we confidently know each event has ended. Where I want to be careful is ever wrongly assuming an event has ended, as well as flipping an event into a more \"ended\" feeling, rather than allowing it to operate as normal after the event date if needed. I think the win here would be more a singular moment of presentation, where's on the next either login or event page click in (not sure best UX here), we kind of announce an 'everything is ready!' type of delight, so once they continue past that they're still able to upload/interact as they're used to, not shifting the experience on them, especially for first time hosts who may not expect a major shift from pre-to-post-event."; keepsake=reel "Again, we need to be very careful about how we're flipping event UI after an event ends. I think it will be incredibly common for guests to come back to the event the next day and upload their media, rather than only expecting them to upload the day of. That's a big reason why I wanted the host to have the option to close the event directly (from an earlier question this batch) rather than us ever handling it automatically ourselves. Or let's say I create an event for a trip with friends and I simply put in a single date on there, but wanted to stay open for the entire week. I was too lazy to add a date range, but expect it to keep working over the course of the week for everyone."; card=? "I'm conflicted here. On one hand, using the cover photograph or a strip of its photographs feels much more social and alive, encouraging the click into the event. Also, more custom than a generic card for every event guests get sent on partyreel. However, I'm worried that for many events where user-uploaded media isn't as cool as what we're able to use in marketing, these cards would present as more sloppy than beautiful. For that reason, our own card design provides more polished consistency. We could also provide some variation with seeds or something, such as our thinking about colors for the event head in another question from this batch Additionally, for more private events, we would need a fallback design anyway since private images shouldn't be included in the social link passed around. Excited to see what you come up with next."; bridge=end "I love how easy this makes it for guests to go straight into becoming a host rather than dropping them off in marketing and trying to convince them into it. Additionally, I like having that extra reminder at the end of an album, but I think we can make it more polished and subtle so it doesn't feel like marketing to hosts. Could even be beneath guests so it doesn't get too in the way of real content."
review no-signal r1: carry=phone; drop=standby; roll=taken
review guests-room r1: rows=list; card=standing
review account-moments r2: follow=once; invite=plate "This design puts more emphasis on the CTA itself (in option 4, my eye goes to the media in the card, but this option by eye goes straight to cta heading/button beside each other to easily digest info at a glance (this is good global philosophy - spreading out copy makes it feel hard to quickly digest, but having copy groups feel a bit more grouped/compact and breathing room allow it draws much better focus/hierarchy/user eye flows), and maybe we can redesign the content below to feel more like a teaser until the profile is set up. That more preview feel prior to profile setup would incentivize many more users to go through the flow to unlock full access."
review create-wizard r5: close=enter "I think we could add a mini compact link/share card beneath the QR (maybe at the same width for smooth alignment, but may need wider) so that we aren't only visually pushing the idea to share the QR, but also making it a bit more visually clear that that link can be copied and dropped into a group chat or something too. Don't need much, if any, instruction around it, more just a polished design of what you'd kind of expect to send/receive in a group message with an easy one-tap to copy. Additionally, the wizard has done a great job of reaching more polished/focused/seamless experience, but the drop off into the event (mainly the initial event page UI) still feels like a lot going on, rather than a bit of a more minimal presentation where it's very clear what to click into next. Rather than throwing everything at users at once, we should approach UI with a philosophy of feature-rich nested behind a more subtle, minimal feel, and each visible UI offers value and acts as the top-level entry to any underlying features, rather than including as many features as possible one-click away and feeling like an airplane dashboard of controls. This encourages more feature exploration, where the big ideas are very clearly presented and you can progressively explore each to find/try the features behind it. Maybe our best example is tucking the 'make your clip' reel feature within the reel itself, so when users land on the page we aren't shouting 'add photos' and 'make a clip' and 'watch the slideshow' and 'download' all at once, but as they're curious about the reel and click into it, they then find they can make their own. Absolutely anything in the app may be redesigned with new explorations according to this thinking."; arrival=done "I still think the way we present this checklist could use its own exploration, so it feels like a very natural/seamless entry into the event, rather than just a solo component somewhere down the event page. There also may be an opportunity for better verbiage."; previews=one
